How to Read a Paper S.
Keshav David R.
Cheriton School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo Waterloo, ON, Canada keshav@uwaterloo.ca ABSTRACT Researchers spend a great deal of time reading research pa- pers.
However, this skill is rarely taught, leading to much wasted eﬀort.
This article outlines a practical and eﬃcient three-pass method for reading research papers.
I also de- scribe how to use this method to do a literature survey.
Categories and Subject Descriptors: A.1 [Introductory and Survey] General Terms: Documentation.
Keywords: Paper, Reading, Hints.
1.
INTRODUCTION Researchers must read papers for several reasons: to re- view them for a conference or a class, to keep current in their ﬁeld, or for a literature survey of a new ﬁeld.
A typi- cal researcher will likely spend hundreds of hours every year reading papers.
Learning to eﬃciently read a paper is a critical but rarely taught skill.
Beginning graduate students, therefore, must learn on their own using trial and error.
如何阅读一篇论文 S.
Keshav 大卫·R·切里顿计算机科学学院，滑铁卢大学 滑铁卢，安大略省，加拿大 keshav@uwaterloo.ca 摘要 研究人员花费大量时间阅读研究论文。
然而，这项技能很少被教授，导致了很多浪费的努力。
本文概述了一种实用且高效的三遍阅读研究论文的方法。
我还描述了如何使用这种方法进行文献调研。
 分类和主题描述：A.1 [入门和调研] 一般术语：文档化 关键词：论文，阅读，提示。
 1.
引言 研究人员必须阅读论文出于几个原因：为了审查会议或课程的论文，为了保持对自己领域的了解，或者为了对一个新领域进行文献调研。
一个典型的研究人员每年可能会花费数百个小时阅读论文。
高年级研究生因此必须自己通过试错来学习高效阅读论文的技巧。

 Students waste much eﬀort in the process and are frequently driven to frus- tration.
For many years I have used a simple approach to eﬃciently read papers.
This paper describes the ‘three-pass’ approach and its use in doing a literature survey.
2.
THE THREE-PASS APPROACH The key idea is that you should read the paper in up to three passes, instead of starting at the beginning and plow- ing your way to the end.
Each pass accomplishes speciﬁc goals and builds upon the previous pass: The f irst pass gives you a general idea about the paper.
The second pass lets you grasp the paper’s content, but not its details.
The third pass helps you understand the paper in depth.
2.1 The ﬁrst pass The ﬁrst pass is a quick scan to get a bird’s-eye view of the paper.
You can also decide whether you need to do any more passes.
This pass should take about ﬁve to ten minutes and consists of the following steps: 1.
Carefully read the title, abstract, and introduction 2.
学生在这个过程中浪费了很多努力，经常被推向沮丧。
多年来，我一直使用一种简单的方法来高效阅读论文。
本文描述了“三遍阅读法”的方法及其在文献调研中的应用。
2.
三遍阅读法的关键思想是，你应该分为最多三遍来阅读论文，而不是从开头开始一直读到结尾。
每一遍都有特定的目标，并建立在前一遍的基础上：第一遍让你对论文有一个大致的了解。
第二遍让你掌握论文的内容，但不包括细节。
第三遍帮助你深入理解论文。
2.1 第一遍第一遍是快速浏览，以获得论文的整体概览。
你还可以决定是否需要进行更多的阅读。
这一遍应该花费大约五到十分钟，包括以下步骤：1.
仔细阅读标题、摘要和引言2.
 Read the section and sub-section headings, but ignore everything else 3.
Read the conclusions 4.
Glance over the references, mentally ticking oﬀ the ones you’ve already read At the end of the ﬁrst pass, you should be able to answer the ﬁve Cs: 1.
Category: What type of paper is this? A measure- ment paper? An analysis of an existing system? A description of a research prototype? 2.
Context: Which other papers is it related to? Which theoretical bases were used to analyze the problem? 3.
Correctness: Do the assumptions appear to be valid? 4.
Contributions: What are the paper’s main contribu- tions? 5.
Clarity: Is the paper well written? Using this information, you may choose not to read fur- ther.
This could be because the paper doesn’t interest you, or you don’t know enough about the area to understand the paper, or that the authors make invalid assumptions.
The ﬁrst pass is adequate for papers that aren’t in your research area, but may someday prove relevant.
阅读章节和子章节标题，但忽略其他内容。
3.阅读结论。
4.浏览参考文献，心理上勾选已经阅读过的文献。
在第一遍阅读结束时，你应该能够回答以下五个问题：1.类别：这是什么类型的论文？是一篇测量论文吗？是对现有系统的分析吗？是对研究原型的描述吗？2.背景：它与哪些其他论文相关？使用了哪些理论基础来分析问题？3.正确性：假设是否看起来是有效的？4.贡献：论文的主要贡献是什么？5.清晰度：论文写得好吗？根据这些信息，你可以选择不再阅读。
这可能是因为你对这篇论文不感兴趣，或者你对该领域的了解不足以理解这篇论文，或者作者做出了无效的假设。
第一遍阅读对于不属于你的研究领域的论文来说是足够的，但可能在将来会变得相关。

 Incidentally, when you write a paper, you can expect most reviewers (and readers) to make only one pass over it.
Take care to choose coherent section and sub-section titles and to write concise and comprehensive abstracts.
If a reviewer cannot understand the gist after one pass, the paper will likely be rejected; if a reader cannot understand the high- lights of the paper after ﬁve minutes, the paper will likely never be read.
2.2 The second pass In the second pass, read the paper with greater care, but ignore details such as proofs.
It helps to jot down the key points, or to make comments in the margins, as you read.
1.
Look carefully at the ﬁgures, diagrams and other illus- trations in the paper.
Pay special attention to graphs.
Are the axes properly labeled? Are results shown with error bars, so that conclusions are statistically sig- niﬁcant? Common mistakes like these will separate rushed, shoddy work from the truly excellent.
2.
顺便说一下，当你写论文时，你可以预计大多数审稿人（和读者）只会对其进行一次阅读。
请注意选择连贯的章节和子章节标题，并编写简明扼要的摘要。
如果审稿人在一次阅读后无法理解论文的要点，那么该论文很可能会被拒绝；如果读者在五分钟内无法理解论文的亮点，那么该论文很可能永远不会被阅读。
第二遍阅读时，要更加仔细地阅读论文，但忽略掉证明等细节。
在阅读过程中，可以记下关键点，或在页边空白处做出评论。
1.
仔细观察论文中的图表、图示和其他插图。
特别注意图表。
坐标轴是否标注正确？结果是否带有误差线，以便得出统计显著性的结论？这些常见错误将区分匆忙、粗糙的工作和真正优秀的工作。
2.
 Remember to mark relevant unread references for fur- ther reading (this is a good way to learn more about the background of the paper).
The second pass should take up to an hour.
After this pass, you should be able to grasp the content of the paper.
You should be able to summarize the main thrust of the pa- per, with supporting evidence, to someone else.
This level of detail is appropriate for a paper in which you are interested, but does not lie in your research speciality.
Sometimes you won’t understand a paper even at the end of the second pass.
This may be because the subject matter is new to you, with unfamiliar terminology and acronyms.
Or the authors may use a proof or experimental technique that you don’t understand, so that the bulk of the pa- per is incomprehensible.
The paper may be poorly written with unsubstantiated assertions and numerous forward ref- erences.
Or it could just be that it’s late at night and you’re tired.
记得标记相关未读的参考文献以供进一步阅读（这是了解论文背景的好方法）。
第二遍阅读应该需要一个小时。
在这次阅读之后，你应该能够掌握论文的内容。
你应该能够用支持性证据对论文的主要观点进行总结，并向他人解释。
这种详细程度适用于你感兴趣的论文，但不属于你的研究专长。
有时候，即使在第二遍阅读结束时，你仍然无法理解一篇论文。
这可能是因为论文的主题对你来说是新的，其中有不熟悉的术语和缩写。
或者作者可能使用了你不理解的证明或实验技术，导致大部分论文无法理解。
论文可能写得很差，有未经证实的断言和大量的前向引用。
或者可能只是因为已经很晚了，你很累。

 You can now choose to: (a) set the paper aside, hoping you don’t need to understand the material to be successful in your career, (b) return to the paper later, perhaps after reading background material or (c) persevere and go on to the third pass.
2.3 The third pass To fully understand a paper, particularly if you are re- viewer, requires a third pass.
The key to the third pass is to attempt to virtually re-implement the paper: that is, making the same assumptions as the authors, re-create the work.
By comparing this re-creation with the actual paper, you can easily identify not only a paper’s innovations, but also its hidden failings and assumptions.
This pass requires great attention to detail.
You should identify and challenge every assumption in every statement.
Moreover, you should think about how you yourself would present a particular idea.
现在你可以选择：（a）将论文放在一边，希望你在职业生涯中不需要理解这些材料才能成功，（b）稍后回到论文，可能在阅读背景材料之后，或者（c）坚持并继续进行第三遍阅读。
2.3 第三遍阅读要完全理解一篇论文，特别是对于审稿人来说，需要进行第三遍阅读。
第三遍阅读的关键是尝试虚拟重新实现论文：也就是说，假设与作者相同的前提条件，重新创造这项工作。
通过将这个重新创造与实际论文进行比较，你可以很容易地识别出一篇论文的创新之处，以及它隐藏的缺陷和假设。
这一遍需要非常仔细地注意细节。
你应该识别和质疑每个陈述中的每个假设。
此外，你应该思考如何自己呈现一个特定的想法。

 This comparison of the actual with the virtual lends a sharp insight into the proof and presentation techniques in the paper and you can very likely add this to your repertoire of tools.
During this pass, you should also jot down ideas for future work.
This pass can take about four or ﬁve hours for beginners, and about an hour for an experienced reader.
At the end of this pass, you should be able to reconstruct the entire structure of the paper from memory, as well as be able to identify its strong and weak points.
In particular, you should be able to pinpoint implicit assumptions, missing citations to relevant work, and potential issues with experimental or analytical techniques.
3.
DOING A LITERATURE SURVEY Paper reading skills are put to the test in doing a literature survey.
This will require you to read tens of papers, perhaps in an unfamiliar ﬁeld.
What papers should you read? Here is how you can use the three-pass approach to help.
这种实际与虚拟的比较为我们提供了对论文中的证明和演示技巧的深入洞察，你很有可能将其添加到你的工具库中。
在这个阶段，你还应该记录下未来工作的想法。
对于初学者来说，这个阶段可能需要大约四到五个小时，而对于有经验的读者来说，可能只需要一个小时。
在这个阶段结束时，你应该能够凭记忆重构整篇论文的结构，并能够确定其优点和缺点。
特别是，你应该能够找出隐含的假设、缺少相关工作引用的情况，以及实验或分析技术可能存在的问题。
3.
进行文献调研 在进行文献调研时，需要运用到论文阅读技巧。
这将要求你阅读数十篇论文，可能是在一个不熟悉的领域。
你应该读哪些论文呢？以下是如何使用三遍阅读法来帮助你的方法。

 First, use an academic search engine such as Google Scholar or CiteSeer and some well-chosen keywords to ﬁnd three to ﬁve recent papers in the area.
Do one pass on each pa- per to get a sense of the work, then read their related work sections.
You will ﬁnd a thumbnail summary of the recent work, and perhaps, if you are lucky, a pointer to a recent survey paper.
If you can ﬁnd such a survey, you are done.
Read the survey, congratulating yourself on your good luck.
Otherwise, in the second step, ﬁnd shared citations and repeated author names in the bibliography.
These are the key papers and researchers in that area.
Download the key papers and set them aside.
Then go to the websites of the key researchers and see where they’ve published recently.
That will help you identify the top conferences in that ﬁeld because the best researchers usually publish in the top con- ferences.
The third step is to go to the website for these top con- ferences and look through their recent proceedings.
首先，使用学术搜索引擎，如Google Scholar或CiteSeer，并使用一些精选关键词找到该领域的三到五篇最新论文。
对每篇论文进行一次浏览，以了解其工作内容，然后阅读它们的相关工作部分。
您将找到最近工作的简要摘要，也许，如果幸运的话，还会找到最近综述论文的指针。
如果您能找到这样的综述论文，那就完成了。
恭喜您的好运，阅读这篇综述论文。
否则，在第二步中，找到参考文献中的共享引用和重复作者姓名。
这些是该领域的关键论文和研究人员。
下载这些关键论文并将它们放在一边。
然后去关键研究人员的网站上看看他们最近发表的论文。
这将帮助您确定该领域的顶级会议，因为最优秀的研究人员通常在顶级会议上发表论文。
第三步是访问这些顶级会议的网站，并查看他们最近的论文集。

 A quick scan will usually identify recent high-quality related work.
These papers, along with the ones you set aside earlier, con- stitute the ﬁrst version of your survey.
Make two passes through these papers.
If they all cite a key paper that you did not ﬁnd earlier, obtain and read it, iterating as neces- sary.
4.
EXPERIENCE I’ve used this approach for the last 15 years to read con- ference proceedings, write reviews, do background research, and to quickly review papers before a discussion.
This dis- ciplined approach prevents me from drowning in the details before getting a bird’s-eye-view.
It allows me to estimate the amount of time required to review a set of papers.
More- over, I can adjust the depth of paper evaluation depending on my needs and how much time I have.
5.
RELATED WORK If you are reading a paper to do a review, you should also read Timothy Roscoe’s paper on “Writing reviews for sys- tems conferences” [1].
通常，快速浏览可以确定最近的高质量相关工作。
这些论文以及您之前放在一边的论文构成了您调研的第一个版本。
对这些论文进行两次浏览。
如果它们都引用了您之前没有找到的一篇重要论文，那么获取并阅读它，根据需要进行迭代。
4.
经验我过去15年来一直使用这种方法来阅读会议论文集，撰写评论，进行背景研究，并在讨论前快速浏览论文。
这种有纪律的方法可以防止我在深入细节之前陷入困境，让我能够从鸟瞰角度看问题。
它还可以让我估计审查一组论文所需的时间。
此外，我可以根据自己的需求和时间来调整论文评估的深度。
5.
相关工作如果您正在阅读一篇论文进行评论，您还应该阅读Timothy Roscoe关于“为系统会议撰写评论”的论文[1]。

 If you’re planning to write a technical paper, you should refer both to Henning Schulzrinne’s com- prehensive web site [2] and George Whitesides’s excellent overview of the process [3].
6.
A REQUEST I would like to make this a living document, updating it as I receive comments.
Please take a moment to email me any comments or suggestions for improvement.
You can also add comments at CCRo, the online edition of CCR [4].
7.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS The ﬁrst version of this document was drafted by my stu- dents: Hossein Falaki, Earl Oliver, and Sumair Ur Rahman.
My thanks to them.
I also beneﬁted from Christophe Diot’s perceptive comments and Nicole Keshav’s eagle-eyed copy- editing.
This work was supported by grants from the National Science and Engineering Council of Canada, the Canada Research Chair Program, Nortel Networks, Microsoft, Intel Corporation, and Sprint Corporation.
8.
REFERENCES [1] T.
Roscoe, “Writing Reviews for Systems Conferences,” http://people.inf.ethz.ch/troscoe/pubs/review- writing.pdf.
[2] H.
如果您计划撰写一篇技术论文，您应该参考Henning Schulzrinne的综合网站[2]和George Whitesides对该过程的优秀概述[3]。
6.
请求我希望将此文档作为一个活动文档，根据收到的评论进行更新。
请花点时间给我发送任何评论或改进建议的电子邮件。
您还可以在CCR的在线版本CCRo上添加评论[4]。
7.
致谢此文档的第一个版本是由我的学生Hossein Falaki、Earl Oliver和Sumair Ur Rahman起草的。
感谢他们。
我还受益于Christophe Diot的有见地的评论和Nicole Keshav的细致校对。
本工作得到了加拿大国家科学与工程委员会、加拿大研究主席计划、Nortel Networks、Microsoft、Intel Corporation和Sprint Corporation的资助。
8.
参考文献[1] T.
Roscoe，“为系统会议撰写评论”，http://people.inf.ethz.ch/troscoe/pubs/review-writing.pdf。
[2] H.
 Schulzrinne, “Writing Technical Articles,” http://www.cs.columbia.edu/ hgs/etc/writing- style.html.
[3] G.M.
Whitesides, “Whitesides’ Group: Writing a Paper,” http://www.che.iitm.ac.in/misc/dd/writepaper.pdf.
[4] ACM SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review Online, http://www.sigcomm.org/ccr/drupal/.
Schulzrinne，“撰写技术文章”，http://www.cs.columbia.edu/hgs/etc/writing-style.html。
[3] G.M.
Whitesides，“Whitesides' Group: 写一篇论文”，http://www.che.iitm.ac.in/misc/dd/writepaper.pdf。
[4] ACM SIGCOMM计算机通信评论在线，http://www.sigcomm.org/ccr/drupal/。

